add note about expected codemod output to upgrade guide (#3638)
patternfly/patternfly-org: packages/documentation-site/patternfly-docs/content/get-started/upgrade.md

    npx @patternfly/pf-codemods@latest <path to your source code>
    ```

>    * You should see an output similar to running `lint`, lists of warnings and errors ending with a count like this example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * You should see an output similar to running `lint`, with both a list of warnings and errors, as well as a total count of each, as shown in the following example:
```
just a small wording change suggestion!
